AccessPointGroup
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ActivationSpec
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ActivationSpec".

ActivationSpecTemplateProps
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ActivationSpecTemplateProps".

ActivitySessionService
Attribute                       Type
defaultTimeout                  int

AdminObject
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AdminObject".

AdminObjectTemplateProps
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AdminObjectTemplateProps".

AdminServerAuthentication
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AdminServerAuthentication".

AdminService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AdminService".

Agent
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Agent".

AllActivePolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

AllAuthenticatedUsersExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AllAuthenticatedUsersExt".

Application
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Application".

ApplicationClientFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationClientFile".

ApplicationConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationConfig".

ApplicationContainer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationContainer".

ApplicationDeployment
Attribute                       Type
deploymentId                    String
startingWeight                  int
binariesURL                     String
warClassLoaderPolicy            ENUM(MULTIPLE, SINGLE)

ApplicationManagementService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationManagementService".

ApplicationProfileService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationProfileService".

ApplicationServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ApplicationServer".

Archive
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Archive".

AuthMechanism
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthMechanism".

AuthenticationMechanism
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthenticationMechanism".

AuthenticationTarget
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthenticationTarget".

AuthorizationConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthorizationConfig".

AuthorizationGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthorizationGroup".

AuthorizationGroupMember
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthorizationGroupMember".

AuthorizationProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

AuthorizationTableExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthorizationTableExt".

AuthorizationTableImpl
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "AuthorizationTableImpl".

BackupCluster
Attribute                       Type
backupClusterName               String

BridgeInterface
Attribute                       Type
node                            String
server                          String
chain                           String

CMPConnectorFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
connectionDefinition            ConnectionDefinition@

CORBAObjectNameSpaceBinding
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
nameInNameSpace                 String
corbanameUrl                    String

CacheInstance
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
defaultPriority                 int
cacheSize                       int
enableDiskOffload               boolean

CacheInstanceService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CacheInstanceService".

CacheProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

Cell
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Cell".

CellManager
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

CellRoute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CellRoute".

Chain
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

Classloader
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Classloader".

ClientModuleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ClientModuleRef".

ClusterAdvisor
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ClusterAdvisor".

ClusterMember
Attribute                       Type
memberName                      String

ClusteredTarget
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ClusteredTarget".

CommonSecureInterop
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CommonSecureInterop".

CompatibilityDescriptionGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CompatibilityDescriptionGroup".

CompensationService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CompensationService".

Component
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Component".

ConfigProperty
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConfigProperty".

ConfigSynchronizationService
Attribute                       Type
synchInterval                   int

ConnectionDefTemplateProps
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectionDefTemplateProps".

ConnectionDefinition
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectionDefinition".

ConnectionFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectionFactory".

ConnectionPool
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectionPool".

ConnectionTest
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectionTest".

Connector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Connector".

ConnectorModuleDeployment
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectorModuleDeployment".

ConnectorModuleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ConnectorModuleRef".

Container
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Container".

Cookie
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Cookie".

CoreGroup
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
numCoordinators                 int

CoreGroupAccessPoint
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
coreGroup                       String

CoreGroupBridgeService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CoreGroupBridgeService".

CoreGroupBridgeSettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CoreGroupBridgeSettings".

CoreGroupServer
Attribute                       Type
nodeName                        String
serverName                      String

CryptoHardwareToken
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CryptoHardwareToken".

CustomAuthMechanism
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CustomAuthMechanism".

CustomErrorPagePolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CustomErrorPagePolicy".

CustomService
Attribute                       Type
classname                       String
displayName                     String
classpath                       String

CustomUserRegistry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "CustomUserRegistry".

DCSInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

DRSConnectionPool
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DRSConnectionPool".

DRSPartition
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DRSPartition".

DRSSerialization
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DRSSerialization".

DRSSettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DRSSettings".

DataReplication
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DataReplication".

DataReplicationDomain
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

DataSource
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

DataStoreProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

DebugService
Attribute                       Type
jvmDebugPort                    int
jvmDebugArgs                    String
BSFDebugPort                    int

DeployedObject
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DeployedObject".

DeployedObjectConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DeployedObjectConfig".

DeployedObjectProxyConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DeployedObjectProxyConfig".

Deployment
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Deployment".

DeploymentTarget
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DeploymentTarget".

DeploymentTargetMapping
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DeploymentTargetMapping".

Description
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Description".

DescriptionGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DescriptionGroup".

DescriptiveProperty
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
value                           String

DiagnosticProviderService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DiagnosticProviderService".

DiskCacheCustomPerformanceSettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DiskCacheCustomPerformanceSettings".

DiskCacheEvictionPolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DiskCacheEvictionPolicy".

DisplayName
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DisplayName".

DistributionQueue
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DistributionQueue".

DynamicCache
Attribute                       Type
defaultPriority                 int
cacheSize                       int

DynamicSSLConfigSelection
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "DynamicSSLConfigSelection".

EARFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EARFile".

EJBCache
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBCache".

EJBContainer
Attribute                       Type
passivationDirectory            String

EJBDeployment
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBDeployment".

EJBJarFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBJarFile".

EJBLocalRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBLocalRef".

EJBModuleConfiguration
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBModuleConfiguration".

EJBModuleDeployment
Attribute                       Type
deploymentId                    String
startingWeight                  int
uri                             String

EJBModuleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBModuleRef".

EJBTimer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EJBTimer".

EjbNameSpaceBinding
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
nameInNameSpace                 String
ejbJndiName                     String
applicationServerName           String

EjbRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EjbRef".

EmailNotifications
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EmailNotifications".

EmitterFactoryProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

EndPoint
Attribute                       Type
host                            String
port                            int

EndPointRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EndPointRef".

EnterpriseBeanConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EnterpriseBeanConfig".

EnvEntry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EnvEntry".

EventBusTransmissionProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

EventGroupProfile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EventGroupProfile".

EventGroupProfileList
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

EventInfrastructureProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

EventInfrastructureService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EventInfrastructureService".

EventServerProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

EveryoneExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "EveryoneExt".

Extension
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Extension".

ExtensionMBean
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ExtensionMBean".

ExtensionMBeanProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ExternalCacheGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ExternalCacheGroup".

ExternalCacheGroupMember
Attribute                       Type
address                         String
adapterBeanName                 String

ExternalDomain
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ExternalDomain".

ExternallyManagedHTTPServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ExternallyManagedHTTPServer".

FailRoute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "FailRoute".

File
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "File".

FileTransferService
Attribute                       Type
retriesCount                    int
retryWaitTime                   int

FilterFactoryProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

ForeignCell
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

GenericChannelData
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericChannelData".

GenericChannelFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericChannelFactory".

GenericClusterRoute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericClusterRoute".

GenericInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

GenericJMSConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
externalJNDIName                String

GenericJMSDestination
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
externalJNDIName                String

GenericOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericOutboundChannel".

GenericServerCluster
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericServerCluster".

GenericServerEndpoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GenericServerEndpoint".

GroupExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "GroupExt".

HAManagerPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

HAManagerService
Attribute                       Type
isAlivePeriodSec                int
transportBufferSize             int
coreGroupName                   String

HTTPAccessLoggingService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "HTTPAccessLoggingService".

HTTPConnector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "HTTPConnector".

HTTPInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
maximumPersistentRequests       int
readTimeout                     int
writeTimeout                    int
persistentTimeout               int

HTTPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "HTTPOutboundChannel".

HTTPTransport
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "HTTPTransport".

HTTPTunnelInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

HTTPTunnelOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "HTTPTunnelOutboundChannel".

HostAlias
Attribute                       Type
hostname                        String
port                            String

I18NService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "I18NService".

IIOPLayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IIOPLayer".

IIOPSecurityProtocol
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IIOPSecurityProtocol".

IIOPTransport
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IIOPTransport".

IPSprayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IPSprayer".

IconType
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IconType".

Identity
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Identity".

IdentityAssertionLayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IdentityAssertionLayer".

IdentityAssertionQOP
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IdentityAssertionQOP".

IdentityAssertionTypeAssociation
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "IdentityAssertionTypeAssociation".

InboundResourceAdapter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "InboundResourceAdapter".

InboundTransportChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "InboundTransportChannel".

IndirectLookupNameSpaceBinding
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
nameInNameSpace                 String
providerURL                     String
jndiName                        String

InstancePool
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "InstancePool".

Interceptor
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Interceptor".

InvalidationSchedule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "InvalidationSchedule".

J2CActivationSpec
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

J2CAdminObject
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

J2CConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
connectionDefinition            ConnectionDefinition@

J2CResourceAdapter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2CResourceAdapter".

J2EEEAttribute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2EEEAttribute".

J2EEEObject
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2EEEObject".

J2EEResourceFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2EEResourceFactory".

J2EEResourceProperty
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

J2EEResourcePropertySet
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2EEResourcePropertySet".

J2EEResourceProvider
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "J2EEResourceProvider".

JAASAuthData
Attribute                       Type
alias                           String
userId                          String
password                        String

JAASConfiguration
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JAASConfiguration".

JAASConfigurationEntry
Attribute                       Type
alias                           String

JAASLoginModule
Attribute                       Type
moduleClassName                 String

JAXRPCHandler
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JAXRPCHandler".

JAXRPCHandlerList
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JAXRPCHandlerList".

JAXRPCHeader
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JAXRPCHeader".

JDBCProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
implementationClassName         String

JFAPFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JFAPFactory".

JFAPInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JFAPInboundChannel".

JFAPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JFAPOutboundChannel".

JMSConnectionFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMSConnectionFactory".

JMSConnector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMSConnector".

JMSDestination
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMSDestination".

JMSProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
externalInitialContextFactory   String
externalProviderURL             String

JMSServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMSServer".

JMSTransmissionProfile
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

JMSTransport
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMSTransport".

JMXConnector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JMXConnector".

JNDIEnvRefsGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JNDIEnvRefsGroup".

JavaProcessDef
Attribute                       Type
workingDirectory                String

JavaVirtualMachine
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "JavaVirtualMachine".

Key
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Key".

KeyManager
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeyManager".

KeyReference
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeyReference".

KeySet
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeySet".

KeySetGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeySetGroup".

KeyStore
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeyStore".

KeyStoreFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "KeyStoreFile".

LDAPSearchFilter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LDAPSearchFilter".

LDAPUserRegistry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LDAPUserRegistry".

LSDConnection
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LSDConnection".

LTPA
Attribute                       Type
timeout                         long
password                        String

Library
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
classPath                       String*

LibraryRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LibraryRef".

License
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "License".

Listener
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Listener".

ListenerPort
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
connectionFactoryJNDIName       String
destinationJNDIName             String

LocalOSUserRegistry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LocalOSUserRegistry".

LocalRoute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LocalRoute".

LogFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LogFile".

LooseApplication
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseApplication".

LooseArchive
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseArchive".

LooseConfiguration
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseConfiguration".

LooseLibrary
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseLibrary".

LooseModule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseModule".

LooseWARFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "LooseWARFile".

MOfNPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int
numActive                       int

MQConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

MQFAPInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MQFAPInboundChannel".

MQFAPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MQFAPOutboundChannel".

MQQueue
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
baseQueueName                   String

MQQueueConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

MQTopic
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
baseTopicName                   String

MQTopicConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

MailProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

MailSession
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

ManagedObject
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ManagedObject".

ManagementScope
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ManagementScope".

MappingModule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MappingModule".

MatchCriteria
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MatchCriteria".

MessageAdapter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageAdapter".

MessageCondition
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageCondition".

MessageDestination
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageDestination".

MessageDestinationRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageDestinationRef".

MessageLayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageLayer".

MessageListener
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageListener".

MessageListenerService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageListenerService".

MessageQOP
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MessageQOP".

MethodMessageCondition
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MethodMessageCondition".

MimeEntry
Attribute                       Type
type                            String

ModuleConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ModuleConfig".

ModuleDeployment
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ModuleDeployment".

ModuleFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ModuleFile".

ModuleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ModuleRef".

ModuleShare
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ModuleShare".

MonitoringPolicy
Attribute                       Type
maximumStartupAttempts          int
pingTimeout                     int

MultiBrokerRoutingEntry
Attribute                       Type
brokerName                      String

MultibrokerDomain
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "MultibrokerDomain".

NameBinding
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NameBinding".

NameServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NameServer".

NameSpaceBinding
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NameSpaceBinding".

NamedEndPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NamedEndPoint".

NamingContext
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NamingContext".

NoOpPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

Node
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Node".

NodeAgent
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NodeAgent".

NodeGroup
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

NodeGroupMember
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "NodeGroupMember".

ORBInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ORBInboundChannel".

ORBPlugin
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ORBPlugin".

ObjectCacheInstance
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
defaultPriority                 int
cacheSize                       int
enableDiskOffload               boolean

ObjectPool
Attribute                       Type
poolClassName                   String
poolImplClassName               String

ObjectPoolManagerInfo
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

ObjectPoolProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ObjectPoolService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ObjectPoolService".

ObjectRequestBroker
Attribute                       Type
requestTimeout                  int
requestRetriesCount             int
requestRetriesDelay             int
connectionCacheMaximum          int
connectionCacheMinimum          int
locateRequestTimeout            int

OnDemandRouter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "OnDemandRouter".

OneOfNPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

OutboundResourceAdapter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "OutboundResourceAdapter".

OutboundTransportChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "OutboundTransportChannel".

OutputRedirect
Attribute                       Type
stdoutFilename                  String
stderrFilename                  String

PME502ServerExtension
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PME502ServerExtension".

PME51ServerExtension
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PME51ServerExtension".

PMEClusterExtension
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMEClusterExtension".

PMEServerExtension
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMEServerExtension".

PMIModule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMIModule".

PMIRMFilter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMIRMFilter".

PMIRMFilterValue
Attribute                       Type
value                           String

PMIRequestMetrics
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMIRequestMetrics".

PMIService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PMIService".

ParamValue
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ParamValue".

PeerAccessPoint
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
cell                            String
coreGroup                       String
coreGroupAccessPoint            String

PluginConfigPolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PluginConfigPolicy".

PluginConfigService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PluginConfigService".

PluginProperties
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PluginProperties".

PluginServerClusterProperties
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PluginServerClusterProperties".

PortletContainer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PortletContainer".

PreferredServerPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

PrimaryAdminExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PrimaryAdminExt".

ProcessDef
Attribute                       Type
workingDirectory                String

ProcessExecution
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ProcessExecution".

Property
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
value                           String

PropertySet
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "PropertySet".

ProtocolProvider
Attribute                       Type
protocol                        String
classname                       String

Proxy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Proxy".

ProxyInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ProxyInboundChannel".

ProxyOverrides
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ProxyOverrides".

ProxyServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ProxyServer".

ProxySettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ProxySettings".

QName
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "QName".

QualityOfProtection
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "QualityOfProtection".

RARFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RARFile".

RASLoggingService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RASLoggingService".

RMIConnector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RMIConnector".

RMQChannelFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RMQChannelFactory".

RMQOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RMQOutboundChannel".

ReadOnlyDirectory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ReadOnlyDirectory".

RecoveryLog
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RecoveryLog".

RedirectRoute
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RedirectRoute".

Referenceable
Attribute                       Type
factoryClassname                String
classname                       String

RemoteCellOverrides
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RemoteCellOverrides".

RepositoryService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RepositoryService".

RequiredConfigPropertyType
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RequiredConfigPropertyType".

ResourceAdapter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ResourceAdapter".

ResourceEnvEntry
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

ResourceEnvRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ResourceEnvRef".

ResourceEnvironmentProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ResourceRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ResourceRef".

RewritingPolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RewritingPolicy".

RewritingRule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RewritingRule".

RoleAssignmentExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RoleAssignmentExt".

RoleBasedAuthorization
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RoleBasedAuthorization".

Route
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Route".

RoutingPolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RoutingPolicy".

RoutingRule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RoutingRule".

RunAsSpecifiedIdentity
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "RunAsSpecifiedIdentity".

SIBAbstractDestination
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAbstractDestination".

SIBAuthAlias
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthAlias".

SIBAuthBrowser
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthBrowser".

SIBAuthBusConnect
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthBusConnect".

SIBAuthCreator
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthCreator".

SIBAuthDefault
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthDefault".

SIBAuthForeignBus
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthForeignBus".

SIBAuthForeignDestination
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthForeignDestination".

SIBAuthGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthGroup".

SIBAuthIdentityAdopter
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthIdentityAdopter".

SIBAuthPort
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthPort".

SIBAuthQueue
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthQueue".

SIBAuthReceiver
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthReceiver".

SIBAuthSender
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthSender".

SIBAuthSpace
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthSpace".

SIBAuthTopic
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthTopic".

SIBAuthTopicSpace
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthTopicSpace".

SIBAuthTopicSpaceBase
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthTopicSpaceBase".

SIBAuthTopicSpaceRoot
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthTopicSpaceRoot".

SIBAuthUser
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthUser".

SIBAuthWebService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBAuthWebService".

SIBContextInfo
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBContextInfo".

SIBDatastore
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDatastore".

SIBDestination
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestination".

SIBDestinationAlias
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestinationAlias".

SIBDestinationDefault
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestinationDefault".

SIBDestinationForeign
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestinationForeign".

SIBDestinationMediation
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestinationMediation".

SIBDestinationMediationRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBDestinationMediationRef".

SIBFilestore
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBFilestore".

SIBForeignBus
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBForeignBus".

SIBGatewayLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBGatewayLink".

SIBJMSConnectionFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSConnectionFactory".

SIBJMSProvider
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSProvider".

SIBJMSQueue
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSQueue".

SIBJMSQueueConnectionFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSQueueConnectionFactory".

SIBJMSTopic
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSTopic".

SIBJMSTopicConnectionFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBJMSTopicConnectionFactory".

SIBLinkRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBLinkRef".

SIBLocalizationPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBLocalizationPoint".

SIBLocalizationPointRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBLocalizationPointRef".

SIBMQClientLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQClientLink".

SIBMQClientLinkAdvancedProperties
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQClientLinkAdvancedProperties".

SIBMQLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQLink".

SIBMQLinkReceiverChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQLinkReceiverChannel".

SIBMQLinkSenderChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQLinkSenderChannel".

SIBMQLinkSenderChannelLocalizationPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQLinkSenderChannelLocalizationPoint".

SIBMQLocalizationPointProxy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQLocalizationPointProxy".

SIBMQMediationPointProxy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQMediationPointProxy".

SIBMQQueueLocalizationPointProxy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQQueueLocalizationPointProxy".

SIBMQServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQServer".

SIBMQServerBusMember
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMQServerBusMember".

SIBMediation
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMediation".

SIBMediationExecutionPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMediationExecutionPoint".

SIBMediationInstance
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMediationInstance".

SIBMediationLocalizationPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMediationLocalizationPoint".

SIBMessagingEngine
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBMessagingEngine".

SIBPSBBrokerProfile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPSBBrokerProfile".

SIBPSBBrokerTransactionality
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPSBBrokerTransactionality".

SIBPSBTopicMapping
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPSBTopicMapping".

SIBPSBTopicTransactionality
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPSBTopicTransactionality".

SIBPermittedChain
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPermittedChain".

SIBPort
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBPort".

SIBQualifiedDestinationName
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBQualifiedDestinationName".

SIBQueue
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBQueue".

SIBQueueLocalizationPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBQueueLocalizationPoint".

SIBService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBService".

SIBTopicSpace
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBTopicSpace".

SIBTopicSpaceLocalizationPoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBTopicSpaceLocalizationPoint".

SIBTopicSpaceMapEntry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBTopicSpaceMapEntry".

SIBTopicSpaceMapping
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBTopicSpaceMapping".

SIBVirtualGatewayLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBVirtualGatewayLink".

SIBVirtualLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBVirtualLink".

SIBVirtualMQLink
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBVirtualMQLink".

SIBWSBusConnectionProperty
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSBusConnectionProperty".

SIBWSEndpointListener
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSEndpointListener".

SIBWSEndpointListenerReference
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSEndpointListenerReference".

SIBWSInboundPort
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSInboundPort".

SIBWSInboundPortReference
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSInboundPortReference".

SIBWSInboundService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSInboundService".

SIBWSOutboundPort
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSOutboundPort".

SIBWSOutboundService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSOutboundService".

SIBWSSecurityInboundConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityInboundConfig".

SIBWSSecurityOutboundConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityOutboundConfig".

SIBWSSecurityRequestConsumerBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityRequestConsumerBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityRequestGeneratorBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityRequestGeneratorBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityRequestReceiverBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityRequestReceiverBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityRequestSenderBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityRequestSenderBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityResponseConsumerBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityResponseConsumerBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityResponseGeneratorBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityResponseGeneratorBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityResponseReceiverBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityResponseReceiverBindingConfig".

SIBWSSecurityResponseSenderBindingConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSSecurityResponseSenderBindingConfig".

SIBWSUDDIPublication
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSUDDIPublication".

SIBWSWSDLLocation
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWSWSDLLocation".

SIBWebService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBWebService".

SIBus
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBus".

SIBusMember
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBusMember".

SIBusMemberTarget
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIBusMemberTarget".

SIPContainer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPContainer".

SIPContainerInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPContainerInboundChannel".

SIPInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPInboundChannel".

SIPMessageCondition
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPMessageCondition".

SIPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPOutboundChannel".

SIPProxyInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPProxyInboundChannel".

SIPProxySettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPProxySettings".

SIPRoutingRule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SIPRoutingRule".

SOAPConnector
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SOAPConnector".

SSLConfig
Attribute                       Type
alias                           String

SSLConfigGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SSLConfigGroup".

SSLInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

SSLOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SSLOutboundChannel".

SWAMAuthentication
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SWAMAuthentication".

SchedulerConfiguration
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
datasourceJNDIName              String
tablePrefix                     String
pollInterval                    int

SchedulerProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

SchedulerService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SchedulerService".

SecureAssociationService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecureAssociationService".

SecureSocketLayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecureSocketLayer".

Security
Attribute                       Type
cacheTimeout                    int
activeProtocol                  ENUM(CSI, IBM, BOTH)

SecurityIdentity
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityIdentity".

SecurityPermission
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityPermission".

SecurityProtocolConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityProtocolConfig".

SecurityProtocolQOP
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityProtocolQOP".

SecurityRole
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityRole".

SecurityRoleExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityRoleExt".

SecurityRoleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityRoleRef".

SecurityServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SecurityServer".

Server
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ServerCluster
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

ServerComponent
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerComponent".

ServerEntry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerEntry".

ServerExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerExt".

ServerIdentity
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerIdentity".

ServerIndex
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerIndex".

ServerInstance
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerInstance".

ServerTarget
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServerTarget".

Service
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Service".

ServiceContext
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServiceContext".

ServiceLog
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ServiceLog".

ServletCacheInstance
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
defaultPriority                 int
cacheSize                       int
enableDiskOffload               boolean

SessionBeanConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SessionBeanConfig".

SessionDatabasePersistence
Attribute                       Type
datasourceJNDIName              String

SessionManager
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SessionManager".

SingleSignon
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SingleSignon".

SpecialSubjectExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SpecialSubjectExt".

StartupBeansService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StartupBeansService".

StateManageable
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StateManageable".

StatefulSessionBeanConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StatefulSessionBeanConfig".

StaticCachePolicy
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StaticCachePolicy".

StaticCacheRule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StaticCacheRule".

StaticPolicy
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
policyFactory                   String
isAlivePeriodSec                int

StatisticsProvider
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StatisticsProvider".

StreamRedirect
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "StreamRedirect".

StringNameSpaceBinding
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
nameInNameSpace                 String
stringToBind                    String

SubjectExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SubjectExt".

SystemMessageServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "SystemMessageServer".

TAInterceptor
Attribute                       Type
interceptorClassName            String

TCPFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TCPFactory".

TCPInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
maxOpenConnections              int
inactivityTimeout               int

TCPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TCPOutboundChannel".

TPVService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TPVService".

TaskProvider
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TaskProvider".

ThreadPool
Attribute                       Type
minimumSize                     int
maximumSize                     int
inactivityTimeout               int

ThreadPoolManager
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "ThreadPoolManager".

TimerManagerInfo
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
numAlarmThreads                 int

TimerManagerProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

TivoliPerfViewer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TivoliPerfViewer".

TraceLog
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TraceLog".

TraceService
Attribute                       Type
memoryBufferSize                int

TransactionService
Attribute                       Type
totalTranLifetimeTimeout        int
clientInactivityTimeout         int
maximumTransactionTimeout       int
heuristicRetryLimit             int
heuristicRetryWait              int
propogatedOrBMTTranLifetimeTimeout  int
asyncResponseTimeout            int

Transport
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "Transport".

TransportChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TransportChannel".

TransportChannelFactory
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TransportChannelFactory".

TransportChannelService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TransportChannelService".

TransportLayer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TransportLayer".

TransportQOP
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TransportQOP".

TrustAssociation
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TrustAssociation".

TrustManager
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TrustManager".

TuningParams
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "TuningParams".

TypedProperty
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
value                           String

UDDIConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UDDIConfig".

UDDIReference
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UDDIReference".

UDPInboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UDPInboundChannel".

UDPOutboundChannel
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UDPOutboundChannel".

URIGroup
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "URIGroup".

URL
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
spec                            String

URLProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
streamHandlerClassName          String
protocol                        String

UseCallerIdentity
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UseCallerIdentity".

UserExt
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UserExt".

UserRegistry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "UserRegistry".

VariableMap
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "VariableMap".

VariableSubstitutionEntry
Attribute                       Type
symbolicName                    String

VirtualHost
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

WARFile
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WARFile".

WAS40ConnectionPool
Attribute                       Type
minimumPoolSize                 int
maximumPoolSize                 int
connectionTimeout               int
idleTimeout                     int
orphanTimeout                   int
statementCacheSize              int

WAS40DataSource
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

WASQueue
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

WASQueueConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String

WASTopic
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
topic                           String

WASTopicConnectionFactory
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
port                            ENUM(DIRECT, QUEUED)

WIMUserRegistry
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WIMUserRegistry".

WLMCoreGroupBridgePlugin
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WLMCoreGroupBridgePlugin".

WSByteBufferService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSByteBufferService".

WSCertificateExpirationMonitor
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSCertificateExpirationMonitor".

WSGWGatewayService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSGWGatewayService".

WSGWInstance
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSGWInstance".

WSGWProxyService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSGWProxyService".

WSGWTargetService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSGWTargetService".

WSNAdministeredSubscriber
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNAdministeredSubscriber".

WSNInstanceDocument
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNInstanceDocument".

WSNService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNService".

WSNServicePoint
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNServicePoint".

WSNTopicNamespace
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNTopicNamespace".

WSNotification
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSNotification".

WSPassword
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSPassword".

WSPasswordEncryption
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSPasswordEncryption".

WSPasswordLocator
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSPasswordLocator".

WSSchedule
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WSSchedule".

WebContainer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WebContainer".

WebContainerInboundChannel
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
writeBufferSize                 int

WebModuleConfig
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WebModuleConfig".

WebModuleDeployment
Attribute                       Type
deploymentId                    String
startingWeight                  int
uri                             String

WebModuleRef
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WebModuleRef".

WebServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WebServer".

WebserverPluginSettings
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WebserverPluginSettings".

WeightAdvisor
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WeightAdvisor".

WorkAreaPartition
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
maxSendSize                     int
maxReceiveSize                  int

WorkAreaPartitionService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WorkAreaPartitionService".

WorkAreaService
Attribute                       Type
maxSendSize                     int
maxReceiveSize                  int

WorkManagerInfo
Attribute                       Type
name                            String
jndiName                        String
minThreads                      int
maxThreads                      int
threadPriority                  int
numAlarmThreads                 int

WorkManagerProvider
Attribute                       Type
name                            String

WorkManagerService
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WorkManagerService".

WorkloadManagementServer
WASX7361I: No required attribute found for type "WorkloadManagementServer".

